Here we go. Time to continue our
adventure in Minecraft Hardcore.
I'm going to wait for people to join the
stream and I'm going to drink my coffee.
What's up, Enchen?
Enchen, usually the first viewer to join
the stream.
Hello. Hello. People are joining now.
Hello Jefferson. Jefferson G3U. Hello.
Hello Mia and Max. Hello Mia and Max and
Martina. Welcome to the stream. Thanks
for joining.
Christina, of course, always the best.
Bruno,
Bruno, welcome to the stream. Thanks for
joining.
Enchan, of course, Enchan in the house.
Today, we're going to be continuing our
adventure in Minecraft Hardcore. There's
a lot that I want to accomplish in this
stream,
but for now, I'm going to drink my
coffee while I wait for people to join.
Let's see. Real life Florida. Diana,
hello. Welcome to the stream. I've been
watching all of your videos.
Gut Stark, hello. Hello, Sad K, welcome
to the stream.
Yay, coffee.
I made this coffee in the machine that
you got me. So, I have you to thank for
this coffee.
To start this stream, as usual, I'm
going to go over to the supporter wall.
I have a lot to do on the supporter wall
in this stream.
Let's walk over to the supporter wall.
Welcome everyone.
Welcome to the stream.
Bruno says, "Water is better than
coffee." No way.
This This is unacceptable.
No way, Bruno. Coffee is better than
water.
All right, I'm going to open up my
notebook.
I have a lot to do on the supporter wall
in this stream. To start,
I can't make the flags for Italy and
Lithuania because I still need green
dye. I still haven't found any green
dye, but I can make the flag for Japan.
So, I'll start by making the flag for
Japan in this stream.
So, I'm going to make a flag.
I still don't have any green dye.
Okay. To make the flag, I'll take some
white wool.
Six white wool.
And now I'll make a banner.
Um,
B A N E R.
I'll make a white banner.
Now I need some red dye.
I'll take some red dye.
The Japanese flag is really easy. It's
just a circle.
So, I'll put my red dye in the loom
along with the white banner. And now
I'll add a red circle.
And there we go. This is the flag of
Japan.
I'll go back over to the supporter wall
and I'll add the flag of Japan to the
wall. Hello, Mat. Uh, what is it?
Matias. Hello. Welcome to the stream.
Hello, Dennis Verzov. Welcome.
We should name the flag of the symbol of
peace.
I'm not sure what you mean, Enchen.
Actually, yes. You need water to make
coffee. That is true.
All right, let's go add this flag to our
supporter wall. Oh, wait. I should pick
up some scaffolding while I'm here.
I'll take some scaffolding.
And I'll also take some jungle signs.
Anything else?
Ooh, I'm going to need some iron.
I'm going to need
one, two, three iron blocks. So, I need
a lot of iron.
I'll go over to the crafting table
and I'll start making some iron blocks.
I need three of them.
One, two, three. There we go.
I've got my three iron blocks. Anything
else I need?
I don't think so.
Okay, let's go back over to the wall.
The idea for the flag is amazing. Thank
you, Bruno. I'm glad you like it.
Hello. Hello, Marcelo.
Uh, Mars Los Santos, hello. Welcome to
the stream.
I love your supporter wall. Oh, yes. I'm
going to add the Romanian flag. Don't
worry. Hello, player Tim. Hello and
welcome to the stream. Thanks for
joining. Thanks to everyone for joining
the stream today. I'm starting by adding
the Japanese flag to the wall.
So, I'll get my scaffolding and I'll
place some right here.
And let's go up.
And boom.
The Japanese flag has been added to the
supporter wall.
Let's go back down.
Wasandra. Hello. Oops,
I hit my microphone.
Hello, Wandre. Welcome to the stream.
All right,
I'll pick up my scaffolding.
And there we go. I've added the Japanese
flag.
I'll remove this from my list. So, now I
just need to add the flags for Italy and
Lithuania. I really need some green dye.
Maybe I can find a wandering villager, a
wandering trader.
If I could find a wandering trader,
maybe I could trade for some cactus
because I still haven't found a desert
in this world.
Okay, I have some more signs to add to
the wall. I'll start by adding David.
And David is a level three supporter.
David has donated more than $50. So,
David is going to get an iron block as a
background.
And I need some cherry signs.
In this chest, I have four cherry signs.
I'll take those.
And down here, I'll break this block and
I'll replace it with a block of iron.
And now I'll place the cherry sign.
Let's see.
David
Lorenos. Laurenos. Is that right?
Maybe I'll put the last name below like
this.
Let me double check. L A U R U T E N A S
L A U R U T A
No. T E N A S
T E N A S Okay, I think it's right. And
David Laurenas is a supporter from
Lithuania.
Lithuania. Our first supporter from
Wait,
there we go.
Awesome. Big thank you to David
Lorutenas from Lithuania for being a
supporter of this channel. Now I'll add
two more. One.
And
oh, actually
for this second iron block, I need to go
up because
now I'm going to upgrade the sign for
Mia, Max, and Martina.
So, I've added David. I'll remove this
one.
There we go.
Now, we'll upgrade Mia, Max, and
Martina's sign on the wall.
So, I'll get my scaffolding, and let's
go up
a little bit more. All right, I'll break
this sign.
And I'll break this stone. And now,
oops. I'll replace the stone with iron.
I'm upgrading the sign. Here we go.
Martina,
Max, and Mia from
the Czech Republic.
All right, big thank you to Martina,
Mia, and Max for continuing to support
this channel. Thank you so much for your
continued support.
I've upgraded your sign, and now I have
one last sign to add to the wall.
I'm going to read some of your comments.
What does iron stand for? Iron is for
people that have donated more than $50
to this channel. So, the people with the
iron backgrounds are big supporters of
this channel.
That's what the iron means.
I think that's right. Yep. I think
that's the Lithuanian flag.
Hello, Osho. Hello. Welcome to the
stream,
Osho.
The signs are for people that have
donated to this channel. So, if you guys
would like your names added to the wall,
you could come up here to this link.
This is also the first link down in the
description, and you could make a
donation to support this channel.
Hello, Snake God. Uh, Snake God Thor.
Hello. Welcome to the channel,
Desant. Hello, Desant. Welcome back.
All right, let's add our final sign to
the wall.
Oops.
Okay,
I've upgraded Mia, Max, and Martina's
sign to level three. So, I'll remove
this.
Big thank you to Mia, Max, and Martina
from the Czech Republic.
All right. Now, I just need to had add
Hikari and Dana from Japan.
So, now I'll take my last cherry sign
and I'll place it here.
Let me double check the spelling.
Hikaratti
and
let's see,
Hikari and Raina.
and
like this.
Yep.
From Japan.
All right. Our first Japanese supporters
on the supporter wall.
Big thank you to Hikari and Reena in
Japan. And big thank you to everybody
who has helped to support this channel.
Big thank you to everybody on the
supporter wall.
All right, I'll put this sign away.
I'll put these signs in the chest
and
let's go back home.
It's night time, so let's go to sleep.
Shout out to Japan.
Snake god Thor.
I'm British.
Welcome.
All right, I'm going to sleep in my red
bed. Sleep.
I'm sleeping.
I'm also playing Minecraft Education
Edition. Nice. Building a dark oak and
spruce house. Cool.
All right. It's morning.
It's morning.
Once again, I'm going to open my book.
I'm going to remove this from my list.
There we go. Now, I just need to add the
flags for Italy and Lithuania.
But first, I'll need to find some
cactus.
So, here is my list of things to do. I'm
still looking for cactus because I still
need green dye. But right now, I'm going
to make some TNT.
Look at this.
over here.
There's a big square that I've been
digging.
And I want to dig this this hole all the
way to the bottom of the world.
So during this stream, I'm going to make
a bunch of TNT and explode this hole.
I want to take this hole down to
bedrock.
So, I'm going to start by making some
TNT.
I'm sorry, Christina.
Do you have a gunpowder farm? No, but I
do have an XP farm.
I have a an XP farm over here. And this
XP farm generates a bunch of gunpowder.
Down here, I have a bunch of gunpowder.
I'll take some of this gunpowder.
And I'm going to put some stuff away.
Okay, now I need some sand.
There we go.
To make TNT, you need sand and
gunpowder.
Sand and gunpowder.
Hello, Belelfregore. Hello from Ukraine.
Thanks for joining. Hello, Denise.
Welcome to the stream, Denise.
Oh, you were still you were still early
enough.
Shout out to Ukraine.
Hello, Mr. Dumb Hamster. I don't have a
question right now. I'll be thinking of
one.
Hello, Matias. Thank you so much for
watching my videos.
Thank you so much.
All right, I'm going to make a bunch of
TNT. I made 48 TNT.
All right. Now, to ignite the TNT, we
need some flint and steel.
Some flint and steel. I think up here I
have some flint and steel. Yeah, here's
some.
Thank you, dumb hamster. Thank you so
much.
All right.
And here we are.
I'm going to start digging down here and
I'm going to use the TNT
to explode some of this stone.
I'll get my diamond shovel.
This diamond shovel is amazing. Look how
fast it digs.
This is a great diamond shovel.
and I'll start digging. I'm going to dig
up all this grass. Look over here.
There's a yellow sheep that fell into
the hole.
I won't explode the sheep.
Just dig a one by one hole and put the
TNT there and blow it up. Yeah, I'm
going to go like this. I'm going to dig
down one, two, three blocks. Now, I'll
place one block of TNT.
Now I'll ignite it using my flint and
steel.
See?
Boom.
And it makes a cube.
So I can keep doing that here
and
here.
TNT
and
explosions.
So, the TNT will help me explode all of
this stone.
Hello, Mercy Title.
Hello. Hello. Welcome to the stream.
Echrins, it's your first stream.
Welcome. Thanks so much for joining
today.
TNT is going to remembered.
RIP TNT.
Hello Mercy title. Sir not. Sir not has
joined. Thank you for joining Sir Not.
Welcome.
What is the weirdest moment that has
happened to you in this 263 days?
The weirdest thing that has happened
Desant is probably over here.
I was making this 200 sign
and the dog teleported up on the sign.
Look,
look at the dog that's up in the
floating 200 sign. That is probably the
weirdest thing that's happened.
Yep. that I am going to explode all this
stone.
Yeah, I left the dog there.
I didn't know how to get it down.
All right, I'll keep digging.
My dog will be stuck up there forever.
Look, the sheep is trying to escape.
The sheep try is trying to get out of
here.
I'll dig up this dirt.
Okay, now I'll dig down three blocks.
One, two, three. And I'll place some
TNT.
One, two, three. Oh, I got hit there.
I won't place one here because there's
some gravel.
One, two,
three.
One, two, three.
Here's some coal.
And
one more right here. One, two, three.
Now I'll ignite this TNT.
I'll place TNT in this hole and
in this hole.
All right.
Oops. Oh no. I lit myself on fire.
Oh no.
I need some food. I'll eat some carrots.
There we go.
Kenzo, can you build Machu Picchu in
Minecraft? That might take me a really
long time.
The fire has betrayed me.
Okay, now I'll mine these.
Wow. Okay, I'll place some TNT down
here. Even though there's gravel,
it'll be okay.
All right.
Explosions.
Wow.
I'm going to place some dirt here.
Dirt.
Do I have any torches? I do.
Um,
place a torch in here. I don't want
monsters to spawn in here.
Oops.
Okay, I fixed the wall.
What is the hole for? I want to make
this hole going all the way to the
bottom of the world. I want a way to
quickly get to the bottom. And I also
just want a big hole here.
I think it would be cool if there was a
hole that went to the bottom. I'm not
going to dig all the way to the bottom
in this stream, though. I'm just going
to use a little bit of TNT
because I haven't really used TNT yet in
Minecraft.
W to the people with the crowns. Yep.
Explosion.
One, two, three.
Ah, I messed that one up. One, two,
three.
One, two, three.
One, two, three. One, two. Ah,
three.
One, two, three.
One more.
Now I'll place the TNT.
So much TNT.
All right, here we go.
No,
I lit myself on fire again.
You should add a fence with a trapoor.
That would probably be smart.
Oh, that's all right, Denise.
That's the second time I've lit myself
on fire. Brun.
All right,
there we go. Explosions.
The explosions will allow me to dig this
hole much faster. All this TNT.
Look at all this stone.
My inventory is full.
Thank you, Christina.
Connect TNT.
Maybe I can go like this.
Will this work?
Oh no.
Oh,
lots of explosions.
All right, I'm going to dig down here in
the middle.
And I'll dig down one more block like
this.
One, two, three, four.
Oh, good, Dashant. Thank you. I'm happy
to hear that, Desant. You're doing a
great job.
Put it in a straight line. Okay, I'll
try that, Denise. But first, I'm going
to put a bunch of TNT in this hole.
Okay.
And I'll ignite it. And I'm running. I'm
running away.
Whoa. Ooh.
No. Get back in there, sheep.
The sheep has to stay in the hole.
Oh no. Skeletons.
Okay, I'm getting out of here. It's
night time, so I'll go to sleep.
I'm sleeping.
Why does the sheep have to stay in the
hole? Just for fun. For no reason.
Yep. I'll eat. Thank you.
Thanks for reminding me to eat.
There is a sheep in my house. It's a
rainbow sheep. Look.
Where is it? Where is my sheep?
Look, it changes colors.
Now it's blue. Now it's purple.
It's a rainbow sheep.
Yeah. Some of them fly away. H me mimi.
Oh no. Skeleton.
Die. Die. Skeleton.
I think it's best to space them out.
Whoa.
Oh, look. I exploded my wall here.
No. Oops.
I only have one TNT left. I only have
one TNT left.
That's okay. I'll put it down here next
to this coal. I'll use the TNT to
explode the coal.
There we go.
Lapis.
My inventory is full. I'm going to put
some stuff away.
I have too much stuff in my inventory.
I'll climb these leaves or these vines.
I can use these vines to climb out of
the hole.
Okay,
I need to eat some more food. Do I have
meat? Here
I have some meat. I'm going to eat this
instead of the carrots.
There we go. Now I'll put some things
away.
Um,
in this chest I'll put dirt.
In this chest I'll put cobblestone and
normal stone.
I'll put away my wooden stuff in this
chest. My scaffolding, bamboo, and
bamboo slabs.
Oh, in my last video, I found this
brewing stand. I'll place this brewing
stand.
I'll put it on top of the smithing
table.
There we go. And in the future, I can
use this brewing stand to brew potions.
You make me laugh, Mr. Dumb hamster.
I need more TNT, don't I? It's okay. I
have a lot of gunpowder.
Do I have any more sand?
No.
I used all my sand.
Oops.
Hey, I'm trying to close the door. There
we go. I'm going to get a little sand
from down here. I'm just going to make a
little bit more TNT.
Then there's something else I want to
do.
This shovel is so fast, even underwater.
I'm going to get lots of sand here.
All right. Oh, no.
I'll pick up the sand.
Okay,
good enough.
Did you beat the end? Not yet.
Over here, I made a bridge. Yeah,
Dennis. Uh, there's a bridge over here
now. I connected the farms. I connected
the potato farm to the carrot farm. Now
there's a bridge. And I think I want to
make a bridge that connects from here to
the potato farm. So, I can walk over to
the potato farm and I don't have to get
in the boat.
It would be easier to get over to the
farm.
Okay, I'll make a little bit more TNT.
I can make 11 more TNT.
All right.
Oh,
this place is a mess.
Look at all this stone.
Okay, here I'll dig down three blocks.
TNT
explosion.
I'll continue over here.
One, two, three.
And one here.
I'll put TNT in the holes. Oops.
Okay. Now, I'll ignite this TNT.
All right,
I'll get this stone and I'll place it
here. I'll fix the wall.
Sand. No, I don't like the sand. I can't
do that.
There we go.
Where is this guy from? I'm from the
United States.
I'm from the US. Gil
Gilmode.
I'm from Utah in the US.
Whoa.
I'm going to have to work on this more
off camera.
I have seven TNT left.
I'll put one here.
I'll ignite that. I'll put one here.
Okay.
I'll continue placing TNT here
and here.
There we go.
I keep hitting myself with the TNT.
I'll place some TNT here.
Oh, my flint and steel broke.
No problem. Gil Hermed
Hermed Santos 8178. No problem.
You should enchant all your tools with
repair. With mending, you mean?
I don't have any mending enchantments.
Look at all this stone.
All right.
Wow.
I'll pick up this lapis.
Lapis.
Okay. Yeah, I need to find a mending
villager. If I could find a men a
villager with mending, then I would get
mending on all my diamond tools.
First, I need to find a mending
villager. Yep.
Do you paint graffiti? No, I don't do
graffiti, but I do make artwork.
I'll show you.
Mati Matias,
I forgot to mention my artwork.
I'll pause the game here.
If you go over to my Kofi page, you
could make a donation or you could go
over here to my shop and you could look
at my artwork. It's not graffiti
artwork. These are prints. I carve them
and print them. But you could check out
my artwork here. This is also uh over
here on this link. It's the first link
down in the description. This This is my
artwork.
What do you think of Hightail? I like
Hightail. I haven't played too much
Hightail yet, though.
All right, it's night time. I think I'm
going to get out of here.
All right, I'll climb these vines
and I'll go back home.
What is your favorite song?
H
I don't know, Dishant.
I don't know. I have too many songs that
I like.
Have you ever thought of making
uh C2?
I don't think I'll make C2 or C1 level
videos. I think there's already a lot of
content at C1 and C2 levels, so I'll
probably stick to A1 through B2.
You died in hardcore. Oh, I'm sorry,
Denise.
Okay,
I'm going to put my stone away.
I'll take this lapis and I'll mine it
with my fortune three pickaxe.
There we go. Lots of lapis.
I'll put that in my chest.
I'm going I'm going to put away all this
gunpowder.
Okay.
All right.
I exploded some TNT.
I'll continue working on this hole off
camera. I'm going to make a lot more TNT
and I'll continue exploding this hole
off camera, but I'm going to stop right
now because I only have two TNT left.
Another thing that I want to do is make
a lava generator.
So, right now, I'll start making the
lava generator.
And I think I want to make this
generator in the ocean.
In the ocean over by my potatoes and my
carrots.
So, right now, I'm going to get some
bamboo planks and I'll make a bridge
from here to the potato farm. I'm going
to make a bridge.
I'm probably going to need more bamboo
slabs.
Okay.
And for the lava generator, I'll need
some blocks. And I need some drip stone.
Where is my drip stone?
Where's my drip stone?
What?
Oh, here it is. My pointed dripstone.
Phew. I thought I lost my drip stone for
a second.
Make a tree farm. Hello. Welcome to the
stream.
Do you like fish? No, I don't really eat
fish.
Okay,
I'll put away this TNT.
I'm going to make more bamboo slabs.
All right, I made 60 bamboo slabs.
All right, let's make the bridge. Thank
you, Denise. Thank you,
All right,
time to make this bridge.
Where were you born and how old are you?
Uh, I was born here in the United States
and I'm 27 years old.
What about you, Gail?
All right.
I just made a Minecraft survival world
inspired by you. What should I do to not
quit the server after like a week? Oh,
just keep going. Just keep making
progress slowly.
Take it slow. Take it slow. Noah shoots.
No reason to go too fast. I still
haven't fought the Ender Dragon in this
world. I'm taking it really slowly.
Danny,
welcome Danny. Welcome to the stream.
It always makes me very happy to see
you.
Yep. 27, dumb hamster.
Yep.
Do you like cooking or do you prefer
readymade food? I prefer readymade food.
I'm not much of a chef. I don't do a lot
of cooking.
Kenzo, can you build the minecart tracks
to connect your constructions? Yeah, in
the future I want to connect everything
with rails.
That would be cool.
But for now, I'm just making a bridge.
Oh no,
I ran out. I need to make more slabs.
Be careful for the lava generator. It
can make your things on fire. Yeah, I'll
put the lava generator away from my
other things.
All right, I'll make a bunch more slabs
and let's continue.
I'm also going to need some cauldrons.
I'll take some iron and I'll make some
cauldrons.
I can make nine cauldrons.
There we go.
Thanks Danny. I believe you.
Bruno believes in you Danny.
You love building Matios. Nice.
I think my favorite thing to do in
Minecraft is explore. But I also really
like building. They're both good.
Okay. Almost done.
There we go.
Now I'll place some planks here.
What will you do with the lava
generator? Well, right now I want lava
for my furnaces
so I can smelt things in the furnace.
Lava is a great source of fuel. With one
bucket of lava, you can smelt 100 blocks
in the furnace. So, for right now, I
just want the lava for fuel.
Okay, my bridge is complete.
Where should I make the lava generator?
H.
So, now I can get over to my potato farm
using this bridge.
And I can go up the stairs here. There's
another bridge that connects the potato
farm to the carrot farm.
Maybe the lava generator will be this
way. I'll get some slabs
and I'll continue this bridge this
direction.
Yeah.
Okay.
That looks good. I'm going to read some
of your comments.
You like to build Mercy title. Very
nice. Welcome back, Enchen.
Eat food for your health. I will.
Okay, I've caught up on the comments.
I'll eat some food.
I need to eat.
Okay,
let's go a little bit further this way.
One, two, three more blocks.
Okay. And I'll make the lava generator
here. So now I'll take my deep slate
bricks.
All right.
And I'll make a platform here.
I want this to be a pretty big platform.
Three, four, five, six, 7, 8.
I'll go eight blocks on this side.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven,
eight.
Do you like movies? I do like movies. I
really like scary movies. Horror movies.
Yes.
What do you want to do in this world?
Make a city. Um, maybe
I want to keep on building big things in
the world. I don't know if I want to
make a city, but I do want to keep
building big things.
How many languages do you speak? I speak
English and a bit of French and a little
bit of Spanish.
English with duckery. Hello, welcome to
the stream.
This is already a city. Well,
make a make a rail for going to the farm
fast. Yep,
that would be cool.
I know. I keep on hitting my microphone.
It's really loud. Sorry.
Yeah. Welcome back. I remember you from
last stream. English with Duckery.
Welcome back.
See you later, Desant.
Okay.
Two, three, four, five, six, seven,
eight. One, two, three,
three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
There we go. This is going to be a big
platform.
I want to make a big lava generator.
Do you like the movie Silent Hill 2006?
I haven't seen it. I haven't seen it.
Dennis, do you like it? Is that a good
one?
Oh, I went too far.
There we go. Now I'm going to connect
this to that stone.
It's raining
here in the US. It's 1:49 in the
afternoon
in US Mountain time.
Okay, I'm making the floor.
I'm going to fill in all this stone.
More stone.
And more stone.
It's a good thing I have a lot of deep
slate bricks.
I need some torches. I'll place some
torches around here.
Torch. Torch. I don't want monsters
spawning here,
so I'll place some torches all around.
Okay.
More stone. Whoa.
There's a bone and a puffer fish
floating in the water.
More stone.
This is a lot of deep slate brick.
There we go. Halfway done.
Wow. Lots of different countries.
Okay.
I only have one stack of deep slate
brick left.
Oh no.
I might need to make more deep slate
bricks.
Oh,
eight eight bricks left
and I'm out. Okay, I'm out of deep slate
bricks
and I'm out of torches. I have no
torches left.
Okay. Oh, it's a it's a trader.
Hello, Abrams. Welcome. Thanks for
joining the stream.
I'm glad you joined.
Will this trader have cactus?
Let's see. Any cactus?
Nope. No cactus.
All right, let's go back home.
I don't know much about soccer. Mercy
title. I haven't watched or played much
soccer.
Thank you. English with duckery.
I never found a desert in my last video.
I never found it. So, I'm still looking
for cactus.
Sleep.
What would surprise you most about
living in America?
H,
that's tough. Maybe the sizes. I think a
lot of the food and drinks here in the
US are really big. Really big food.
Really big proportions of food and
drink.
So, probably the sizes
of things.
You're making a second house. You're
making a second house, Osha.
Yep. I need the green dye to make flags.
I need to make the Italian flag and the
Lithuanian flag. Yep.
You don't like to play soccer, Bruno?
Okay, I need some more deep slate
bricks.
I have three more stacks. One, two,
three.
Oh, wait.
I'm going to use the rest of my iron to
make more cauldrons.
Let's make nine more cauldrons.
Now I have 18 cauldrons.
Okay.
I'll take this bucket.
And let's go outside. And here I'll pour
out the water.
And I think I have some lava over here.
I'm going to pick up this lava.
All right.
>> New tip from PLA. Time five.
>> Scared me.
Thank you so much. Play Tim. Play Tim.
Hold on. Let me write this down.
P L A T YM. Thank you so much, PlayTim,
for the donation. I really appreciate
it. I'll put your name on my supporter
wall.
Let's go over to the supporter wall.
Let's add Playim to the supporter wall.
Thank you so much, PlayTim. I appreciate
it.
All right,
I'm going to get a jungle sign
and
I'll add the sign to the wall right here
above Hikari and Dana. I'll put the sign
here.
P L A T Y M. Is it like that?
Play playtime.
Playtime. Play Tim.
There we go. Big thank you to PlayTim
for the donation. Thank you so much.
Thank you, dumb hamster. See you later.
Thanks for joining the stream today.
I'll see you next time. Take care.
All right.
More more money for the boy, Kenzo.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Another Peruvian.
How many people from Peru do we have in
here?
How many people from Peru are here in
the live stream?
Yeah. Playtime. Where are you from?
Would you like me to add your country to
the sign
to your sign?
What did you miss? Uh, you missed Plim
making a donation. Oh, there you are.
Poland. Okay, let me add Poland to your
sign.
Poland.
I think you're the first supporter from
Let me see.
We've got the Czech Republic. We've got
Ukraine.
Yeah. All right. Playtime. Our first
supporter from Poland.
W's in the chat for Poland and for
playtime. Big thank you. I need to add
the Polish flag to the wall now.
Luckily, the Polish flag will be easy.
Just white and red.
Yep.
Time to add the flag to the wall.
Once again, I'll get my scaffolding
and I'll take
some white wool
and I'll get some red dye as well.
Okay, I'll make a stick
and a white banner.
Now I'll put the banner and the loom
along with the red dye.
Let's see the red. The red is on the
bottom.
So maybe like this.
I think it's like this. This is our
Polish flag.
There we go.
Time to add the flag to the wall.
Let's go over to our supporter wall.
See you later, Enchen. See you later.
Thanks for joining our stream.
I'll see you next week. Take care.
Okay,
I'll place the scaffolding right here.
And let's go up
up the scaffolding.
See you next week, Enchen. See you
later, everybody. Say goodbye to Enchen.
Enchen is one of our biggest supporters
here on the channel. All right, Poland.
We've got the Polish flag added to the
wall.
Shouts out to Playtime.
Thank you for supporting the channel.
All right,
I'll pick up my scaffolding. Another
supporter for the supporter wall.
We're slowly filling it up.
All right.
Do you watch anime, Mr. Kenzo? Yeah, I
do. It's been a long time since I've
watched anime, though.
It's been a long time since I've watched
anime.
The an Antarctic flag.
Somebody will have to donate from
Antarctica before that happens.
I've watched a lot of animes. Some of my
favorite animes are
um Cyberpunk Edge Runners, Castlevania
Nocturn,
um what else?
Um Full Metal Alchemist Brotherhood. I
really liked Full Metal Alchemist
Brotherhood.
What about you? What are some of your
favorite animes?
Danny, Danny and I used to watch anime
together all the time.
Danny and I used to watch Narut.
We watched a lot of Naruto and also Full
Metal Alchemist.
Have you ever reacted to your first
video? No, but my first video was really
bad. It was not good.
Dandan. Dandidan. I really like Dandan.
What do you mean, Christina?
What do you mean?
Yeah, Naruto is cool.
Danny and I used to watch a lot of
Naruto.
All right,
I'm going to put away my scaffolding.
All right, let's make this lava
generator.
Do I have any glass? I need some glass.
Here I have 63 glass. I'll take that.
Okay,
I'll run down the bridge.
Kenzo, grab my finger.
There you go, Bruno.
I did it.
Do you know Hajime? No,
I don't I don't know this anime. Do you
like it?
Okay.
Uh, Wasandra,
sometimes
I do sometimes.
You remember when my computer failed and
I lost my first world? That was sad.
W for the bridge. Yeah, this bridge is
pretty good.
All right, let's make this lava
generator.
First, I'll finish the floor.
Oh, it's a boxing anime. Cool. Desant.
Cool.
I'll have to check it out.
Almost finished here.
Me too, Michelle. I hope I can beat this
game.
I'm probably getting pretty soon pretty
close to fighting the dragon.
You would recommend me and Mr. Danny to
watch it. Yeah.
Do you want to watch Hajime? No, Danny.
You've been here the whole time. Mr.
Dumb Hamster, you fooled us.
Fails. Hello, Fails Pixel. Welcome to
the stream.
Thanks for joining. Hails. Fails.
playing Fortnite. You're playing
Fortnite and watching my stream. Nice,
Michelle. I respect that.
I am terrible at Fortnite.
I've only played it once or twice,
though.
All right, first I'll place the
cauldrons.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven,
eight, nine,
10.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven,
eight, nine.
Oh, all right. I'm out of cauldrons. I'm
going to need to make a lot more
cauldrons.
Here,
I'll place a block.
There we go.
And on top of this block,
I'll place some lava. Wait,
actually, I'll place some glass on top
of this block.
Okay.
Now, here I'll place more glass.
Glass.
And glass.
Okay.
I'll break this stone.
Break. Break.
All right.
Now, I'll place glass here.
Oh, I heard a drowned.
I heard a drowned throw a trident at me.
Are you a kind person in real life? I
hope so.
Oh, thank you, Diana. Thank you.
There you go, Mr. Dumb Hamster.
Hi, bro. Thanks for doing this video.
Oh, thank you, Francis. Thank you,
Francis. Francisco, thanks for joining
my stream.
Thank you, Danny. Danny confirms that
I'm a kind person. Thank you, Danny.
Wow. Okay,
it sounds interesting. Desant,
I am nice. Subscribe to you because you
sound like a tail, guys. I don't know
what you mean, Michelle, but thank you
for subscribing.
I am a person, Bruna. I am a person. I'm
not AI. I'm not an AI.
Make a zoo. A zoo would be fun to make
in Minecraft.
Maybe one day in the future, I'll make a
zoo and I'll find all of the different
kinds of animals.
That would be cool.
I'm not AI.
It's not true. Brennan,
you're all real.
Okay.
glass.
Okay,
I'll go up here.
Now, I'm going to take my lava bucket
and I'll pour some lava right here.
Okay,
now
I'll get my pointed drip stone
and I'll place the pointed dripstone
underneath the glass like this.
Oops. I don't need one right here.
All right.
Now, look at this. Do you see the lava
dripping? Oops.
From the drip stone,
there's lava dripping down. And that
lava will slowly fill this cauldron with
lava.
Now, I need to collect a bunch more lava
and fill all of this with lava.
So, I'm going to need to find a lot more
lava, and I'm going to need to make more
buckets to fill with lava.
But
this cauldron is now filling.
All right. Whoa.
Why is there water dripping from this
dripstone?
I don't know.
Okay, I've started making my lava
generator.
It's night time. I'm going back home.
Oh,
I'm going to break this.
I should put some glow stone down there
so it lights up the farm. I'll go get
some glow stone.
Ahi grandkids.
That's crazy.
Kenzo, are you tall or short? I'm kind
of in the middle. I'm 510 or 5'11.
Eat. Oh, I need to eat.
Thank you, Dennis. Thank you, Denise.
Thank you for reminding me to eat.
Okay.
Um, what was I doing? Oh, I was getting
glow stone. I need to get some glow
stone.
Vantage points.
Glow stone. Here we go.
I want to add some glow stone to the
farms.
Yep. I got to eat. I always forget to
eat. Hamster.
The chat is always reminding me to eat
because I forget.
I'll place some glowstone here.
And I'll place one more block of glow
stone in the carrot farm.
Oh,
wait.
And glow stone.
All right.
I don't like that this platform is
floating. I don't really like that.
I'll get some blocks of bamboo and I'll
create support beams
like this.
There we go. There's one support beam.
See you later, Desant. Thanks for
joining today.
I do not Michelle.
Okay,
there's the second support beam.
Two more.
There we go. Easy.
I just need to make one more beam. But I
don't have enough bamboo blocks.
I ran out of bamboo blocks. It's almost
finished.
Almost finished.
I like using glass blocks so I can see
the lava inside.
All right. Well, cool.
I've started making the lava gener
generator, so I'll remove it from my
to-do list.
And I've also made some TNT.
I still need to find some cactus. I
might be searching for cactus forever.
All right, I think I'm going to go back
home and then I might end the stream for
today.
Can I play with you in this world? I'm
just doing single player, Michelle.
Just single player in this world.
All right,
I think I'm going to end the stream,
everybody.
I'm sorry.
I'm going to end the stream here. I made
a lot of explosions using TNT.
I added some new names to our wall and I
upgraded one of our signs.
Once again, shout out to Hikari and Lena
from Japan. Shout out to Playtime in
Poland.
Shout out to David Larutenas in
Lithuania.
And shout out to Mia, Martina, and Max
up there from the Czech Republic. Thank
you so much for supporting this channel
and thank you to everybody else for
supporting
and thank you all for joining this live
stream. Thanks so much for joining
today. Thank you Denise for joining the
stream. Big supporter.
Thank you so much for devs for joining
today. I'll see you later. Thanks for
joining of course. Thank you Bruno Nay
dumb hamster. See you later. See you
later, Playtime. Thank you so much for
your support. Goodbye, Michelle.
Goodbye, Bruno. And I'm going to end
this stream for today. And I will see
you guys again next week. All right.